README.md, before:

# cryptoZombies

*cryptoZombies* is the most common platform for developers to learn Solidity and about development on Ethereum, the programmable blockchain. It is a course started by *Loom Network*, that talks about variety of concepts of solidity starting from what a contract is and in detail to what tokens are an

Taking an early initiative, access to special lessons was provided (Lessons 7 & 8) for creating custom game elements to their CCG/TCG game called Relentless (earlier called Zombie Battleground)

Recently, after the news from Facebook launching `libra`, courses on that were added.

## The Curriculum

### Solidity Path: beginner to Intermediate Contracts

- Lesson 1: Making the Zombie Factory
- Lesson 2: Zombies Attack Their Victim
- Lesson 3: Advanced Solidity Concepts
- Lesson 4: Zombie Battle System
- Lesson 5: ERC721 & Crypto-Collectables
- Lesson 6: App Front-Ends & Web3.js

#### Hands-on Path: Make and Deploy a Custom Game Mode

- Lesson 7: Custom Game Modes: Zombie Battleground (now called Relentless)
- Lesson 8: Custom Deck Rules

#### Plasme Path: Learn how to use PlasmaCash

- Lesson 9: ERC721x: Multi Fungible Tokens

### Advanced Solidity Path: Get In-depth Knowledge

- Lesson 10: Deploying DApps with Truffle
- Lesson 11: Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle

### Libra Path: Master the Basics of Libra Blockchain Development

- Lesson 12: Libra Basics

## Achievements

- Completed `Solidity Path: Beginner to Intermediate Smart Contracts`

<img src="./achievements/solidity.jpg" height=60% width=50%>

- Completed `Multi Fungible Tokens`

<img src="./achievements/libra-lesson.png" height=30% width=30%>

&copy; [Loom Network](https://loomx.io/)

Commit message:

Added more courses info to README.md

README.md, after:

# cryptoZombies

*cryptoZombies* is the most common platform for developers to learn Solidity and about development on Ethereum, the programmable blockchain. It is a course started by *Loom Network*, that talks about variety of concepts of solidity starting from what a contract is and in detail to what tokens are an

Taking an early initiative, access to special lessons was provided (Lessons 7 & 8) for creating custom game elements to their CCG/TCG game called Relentless (earlier called Zombie Battleground)

Recently, after the news from Facebook launching `libra`, courses on that were added. Later on the course was removed from the curriculum though I have a README.md available

More courses were added for how to test with truffle and how to build oracles. Furthermore development with zkSync and advanced concepts for zkSync

## The Curriculum

### Solidity Path: beginner to Intermediate Contracts

- Lesson 1: Making the Zombie Factory
- Lesson 2: Zombies Attack Their Victim
- Lesson 3: Advanced Solidity Concepts
- Lesson 4: Zombie Battle System
- Lesson 5: ERC721 & Crypto-Collectables
- Lesson 6: App Front-Ends & Web3.js

#### Hands-on Path: Make and Deploy a Custom Game Mode

- Lesson 7: Custom Game Modes: Zombie Battleground (now called Relentless)
- Lesson 8: Custom Deck Rules

#### Plasme Path: Learn how to use PlasmaCash

- Lesson 9: ERC721x: Multi Fungible Tokens

### Advanced Solidity Path: Get In-depth Knowledge

- Lesson 10: Deploying DApps with Truffle
- Lesson 11: Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle
- Lesson 14: How to Build an Oracle
- Lesson 15: How to Build an Oracle - Part 2
- Lesson 16: How to Build an Oracle - Part 3

### Libra Path: Master the Basics of Libra Blockchain Development

- Lesson 12: Libra Basics

### Beyong Ethereum Path: Explore the Blockchain Ecosystem

- Lesson 17: Intro to zkSync
- Lesson 18: Advanced zkSync Concepts

### Chainlink Path: Decentralized Oracles

- Lesson 19: Data Feeds and Computation

## Achievements

- Completed `Solidity Path: Beginner to Intermediate Smart Contracts`

<img src="./achievements/solidity.jpg" height=60% width=50%>

- Completed `Multi Fungible Tokens`

<img src="./achievements/libra-lesson.png" height=30% width=30%>

&copy; [Loom Network](https://loomx.io/)
